is it possible that we are already in
the middle of the financial crisis part
two in today's video I'm going to show
you the details and you can see for
yourself my name is David quintiri and
what I do here is bring you the truth
about money I don't care about
ideologies I don't care about popularity
I am simply here to bring you the truth
and I hope you appreciate that as we
move through this video because it's
Gonna Hurt let's go right here
the credit crunch will spark a wave of
corporate defaults and a recession as
tight Financial conditions put an end to
the lending boom all commercial real
estate right now is being squeezed real
hard because of this because interest
rates have moved up mortgages in the
United States are at seven percent and
of course you look at the commercial
side it's not just about like the rate
at which there's lending you know you
got to understand it's actually
tightening it's becoming unavailable
that's the difference here so when that
happens it has a chain reaction and we
should be paying attention to this
especially as we move through into this
video I'm going to show you several
economic indicators today and the
information that you must know look
commodity crash signals disinflation is
taking hold for now very important here
as you look commodity crash signals
editionflation plunging energy Metals
crop costs could Spell relief for
customers that's a good sign but are you
and I going to see the benefits of that
um doesn't really look like that's the
case but I mean that's what we deal with
every day isn't it you can see the
commodity spot index it has moved down
way off its peak we are back down to the
levels by the way of the beginning of
2022 but we'll take anything right
households and businesses benefits are
already starting to show up as headline
inflation rates start to fall taking
some pressure off the central banks to
keep aggressively raising borrowing
costs they're basically saying that the
Federal Reserve doesn't need to increase
as much oh because these things are
starting to come down but you and I when
we go to the store we don't experience
inflation as CPI we don't experience
inflation as core pce or even any of the
other alternative statistics that's not
how you and I actually experience
inflation we experience it on a normal
you but every time I go to buy some food
every time that I go to the restaurant
every time I go somewhere that I need
some sort of service
and it's you know 50 higher 100 higher
than what I remember and not that long
ago
and so that's my inflation call it
whatever you want but I think it's
unreasonable to look at this and say we
don't have a big problem because as
inflation comes down the prices are
still going up
and that's a real thing you could say
it's the corporation's degreed and all
these things but at the end of the day
it's what we experience
that's all that's really all that
matters and so that's really a tough
talk because some people they
don't realize the fundamental issue is
that when you print trillions of dollars
you create a lot of problems but because
it happens further down the road it
happens a year two years ten years down
the road people can't keep track of that
this is showing us what's happening with
real estate we've come off the top but
let's be honest that was a blow off top
starting in 2020 I mean it was just
going parabolic
so you know you take what you want from
that at the same time of course interest
rates have been moving much higher that
red line that's interest rates but on an
inverse
and it just shows us what happens here
as soon as borrowing costs go up
it's on the commercial side
especially however if you look at this
on the residential side it's not as much
for various factors okay you got the
fear of missing out you've got people
that are extremely extremely worried
that you know I'm not going to get into
the area I really want my family my kids
the schools and the story okay
this is one indication and a very good
one at that of difficult times and of
course as it's showing you here on the
chart with the red sort of red shaded
areas those are recessions and you could
see when this particular indicator
moves down below 50 that is not a good
sign okay and this is uh the
international Chicago business barometer
moving right now at a level of 40. it's
not strong that is clearly not the case
here but anyway
um when I look at these type of
indicators they're just one of many it
doesn't really matter to be honest with
you but the point is that one after the
other after the other they're just all
adding up
and BlackRock CEO he says the FED isn't
finished raising interest rates to fight
inflation
I thought it was uh very interesting
actually he says inflation is still too
strong too sticky
and so they will have to increase
several times in fact
and so what does that mean for you
how does this affect you and what should
you do about it well the what can you do
about it will be discussed at the end of
this video stay with me here
but what this means is quite frankly if
you look at all that data the tightening
Financial conditions what's happening
with defaults all of these things if
this is true are going to get worse now
why would we look at somebody like
BlackRock like why why would we care
about that well of course we know that
block Rock and the government are like
this black rock has trillions upon
trillions of assets that they control
and you know there are links to
different corporations or parts of the
government we know this it is
established now I don't necessarily
think that we would you know discount
what he's saying because he's connected
I think he makes a lot of sense
what he's saying does make a lot of
sense inflation is still high in reality
and too sticky
it's staying around
and so we got to be aware of that
and I think that it's going to hurt
households more than anticipated because
we're being told transitory transitory
that went on for like what two years
maybe a year and a half and now they're
saying oh it's coming it's coming up
it's coming down don't worry that's all
stock markets don't even don't even go
there the stock market doesn't care
about anything that's a whole different
story what I'm talking about is the jobs
I'm talking about the economy as a whole
and so you can see that and approach it
the way you think is best but I'll give
you something at the end Black Rock This
is actually the chief investment
strategist
she says that the Goldilocks era is over
for the markets
so interesting anyway
but I really do believe that this is not
I don't know just if you look at it
right now
look at where the market has gone in the
last few months look at any company that
has AI any sort of mention of AI if
they're working with AI that stock has
gone crazy it's gone ballistic you see
Nvidia as one particular example and I
don't think that's necessarily going to
change anytime soon because artificial
intelligence is really working its way
into a lot of Corporations there's no
doubt is it overdone
absolutely but that's what speculation
does just like the Commodities that we
saw like Lumber and all these different
things do you think it was because of a
shortage
do you think that it was because of you
know some event that happened come on
it's speculation and that's what Traders
do
and that's what all these big businesses
do Citadel and others that are seeing
these Trends within the market and they
throw Millions into a trade they throw
billions over a period of time
so we can't discount that we got to be
aware of this and that's what I'm here
to share
okay you do what you want with that
Real Estate Investors are retreating
from the housing market at a record pace
so inventory still lower than where we
were like free 2020 time frame uh but of
course in the in you know in this
respect here there's a lot less of the
home flippers there's a lot less of
these people doing Burr you know you you
the methods you're probably aware but
anyway you buy it uh renovate I forgot
all the letters you buy it you renovate
it and you rent it I'm missing an r in
there but the point is that people can't
do that because a refinance by the way
and you you do this during times when
interest rates are low mortgage rates
are low you borrow at a low cost and
then you can do these things that are
really good potentially as a business
but not when interest rates are higher
and so that's what we're seeing right
here and now now that gives an
opportunity for people to buy at current
prices however low end lower inventories
and generally good areas sought after
areas are in high demand still
Macy's and Costco sound a warning about
the economy I want to show you a few
things so these are two companies right
what about a lot of companies would you
would you believe me if I told you that
a lot of companies are going to
completely change the way they do
business because of theft because of
crime
would you agree with me that the entire
model of retail is going to change and
I'm going to show you right now where
we're going with this
let me show you this right here and by
the way a lot of people not too happy
about it
okay stay tuned just check this out okay
this is Macy in Costco's I know but I'll
give you something in just a second the
US consumer particularly at Macy's
pulled back more than we anticipated
customers re-allocated spending to food
Essentials and services this is 100 what
I said would happen 100 inflation goes
up people stop spending on the
non-essentials focus on the essentials
because they have to they're going to
increase their debt they're going to use
the buy now pay later stuff and they are
going to spend potentially even more
money than they did before but wait a
minute how's that possible it's because
everything costs more I said all of that
and here we are right now
it's very obvious I just studied the
Cycles I studied the history you watch
these videos you get all that
information hit that subscribe so you
can get that all for yourself now let me
show you something
this is one example this is just one
example there are several by the way
okay well there's Walgreens they debut
this Anti-Theft
um you know way of basically locking up
all their stuff at the store
everything's locked up everything's
locked up
the redesigned stores will have the
latest e-commerce offerings to increase
customer service mitigate theft and
increase safety for our customers and
employees to employees monitor the
essentials section where you can shop
for yourself
what what are we talking about it says
quote let us do the shopping so how does
this work exactly
well you can go in and you speak to the
clerk essentially and you say yeah I
want the you know three of those and two
of those and they say okay no problem
we'll get one of our guys to pull that
up for you they go in to this area they
get all the products for you they bring
it to you at the desk you don't go in to
the store that's what's changing right
here
now you could say that I'm outraging all
these things but this is going to happen
it's going to happen in you know some
cities versus other cities you're going
to be complaints about it but it's
happening and I think more people are
going to get pushed online so guess who
gets to benefit from that the online
retailers still you know there will be
online retailers like Walgreens and
things will do that online but also at
the same time Amazon sellers are going
to benefit
do I need to say more about that I tell
you about this all the time I told you
back in 2019 when I created my course my
Amazon course trying to help everybody
look at this so inconvenient Walmart
shoppers fume over anti-theft measures
as consumers made to do three separate
transactions before leaving because of
the way that they did this okay it's
just one video on Tick Tock apparently
where they're going through they had to
go through the groceries first they had
to do this and like it's just a mess
anti-theft measures why because people
walk in they steal a bunch of stuff and
they're not allowed to be prosecuted I
mean that's the way that this is being
set up right now
there's no prosecution for these people
at the same time
um the prices of everything are so
ridiculously high
there's so many things happening anyway
and then this is just the another store
here same situation so now it's tied and
Dove and raise your blades in Olay or
roasts and shrimps and crab legs we used
to chase the shoplifters but then
somebody got you know they started
shooting this is the problem they're
fearing for their life and all this
stuff so this is happening at all these
different stores and that really is
worrisome so what do you do what do you
do for yourself you got to do these two
things and they are part of the pillars
of prosperity which I cover in this
video it's about increasing your income
what I talked about seeing the trend
taking advantage and the second thing is
self-sufficiency and preparedness how's
your garden looking do you have one oh
my goodness all right here in this video
click it and I'll see you there